Update readme + misc fixes to enable secretmanager (#50)
ForgeRock/secret-agent: README.md

kustomize build config/default | kubectl apply -f -
```

## Using a cloud provider secret manager

Currently, the secret-agent supports only AWS and GCP secret managers. Azure support will be added soon.

> When the operator starts, it parses the Secret Agent Configuration and queries the cloud provider's secret manager for the desired secrets. If a secret exists in the secret manager, the operator obtains the secret's value. If the secret doesn't exist, the operator generates a random secret and stores it in the secret manager for future use. This functionality can be disabled by setting `spec.appConfig.secretsManager: none`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the operator starts, it parses the Secret Agent Configuration and queries the cloud provider's secret manager for the desired secrets. If a secret exists in the secret manager, the operator obtains the secret's value. If the secret doesn't exist, the operator moves on to it's generating phase, and will later store the secrets in the secret manager for future use. This functionality can be disabled by setting `spec.appConfig.secretsManager: none`.
```

### Set up AWS Secret Manager

> In order to store and restore secrets from the AWS Secrets Manager, the user must provide credentials with the necessary permissions. These credentials can be provided in a number of ways, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to fetch and store secrets in the AWS Secrets Manager, the user must provide credentials with the necessary permissions. This library expects credentials to be discoverable via standard AWS mechanisms. These credentials can be provided in a number of ways, for example:
```

* Environment Variables: _AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID, AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY_
* Shared Credentials file: _~/.aws/credentials_
* Shared Configuration file: _(~/.aws/config_
* EC2 Instance Metadata: _Obtains credentials form 169.254.169.254_

Please refer to AWS documentation for instructions on how to obtain credentials and grant necessary permissions to access the AWS Secrets Manager.

Once these credentials are made available to the operator, the next step is to configure the AWS Secret Manager in the SecretAgentConfiguration.

For example, the following configuration targets AWS Secret Manager in `us-east-1`

```yaml
apiVersion: secret-agent.secrets.forgerock.io/v1alpha1
kind: SecretAgentConfiguration
metadata:
  name: standard-forgerock-example
spec:
  appConfig:
    createKubernetesObjects: true
    secretsManager: AWS
    awsRegion: us-east-1
```

### Set up GCP Secret Manager

> In order to store and restore secrets form the GCP Secrets Manager, the user must provide credentials with the necessary permissions. These credentials can be provided through a service account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to fetch and store secrets in the GCP Secrets Manager, the user must provide credentials with the necessary permissions. This library expects credentials to be discoverable via standard [GCP mechanisms](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication). These credentials can be provided in a number of ways, including user accounts and service accounts.
```

Please refer to the [GCP Documentation](https://cloud.google.com/secret-manager/docs/reference/libraries?hl=nl#cloud-console) for instructions on how to create a service account with the necessary permissions to access the GCP Secrets Manager.

> Once these credentials are made available to the operator using `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS`, the next step is to configure the GCP Secret Manager in the SecretAgentConfiguration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once these credentials are made available to the operator using `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` or another mechanism, the next step is to configure the GCP Secret Manager in the `SecretAgentConfiguration`.
```
